صباح الظهر

가 -> whораяmember / husker du???

Έχουμε μια ιστορία για έναν χαμένο μποζό που πηγαίνει να επισκεφτεί την κοιλάδα Orkhon, και βλέπει την αντανάκλασή του για πρώτη φορά, και φωνάζει «ΜΑΑ

B**bs Fan:Nice Bж1жबहनचोदжbs😏😩

Me:Nice Outfit Girl 😎👍

Also Me:Nice B**bs 😎👍

We have a story about a loser bozo who goes to visit the Orkhon Valley, and he sees his reflection for the first time, and he screams "MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I CAN SEE CHINA FROM HERE" and then the mom turns her head groaning with a smoky-yet-smug resignation as she slyly replies, "Honey, in oar language, China means PUSSY"

DO YOU UNDERSTAND THE JOKE???? IT'S BECAUSE WE WERE SAILORS

OARS OURS HAHHAHAAHAHAA

And because it's a Mirage language, Maw also means PUCCI, or "Russia"

出典: 百科『嵯峨 空哉』事典

guess u could say breakin' binches is my forté always fugg with a nasty shorty hey bozo hold my 40 runnin a number on switches & bitches all day

Ecce Indie-Chien, "Le génie côte-d'orien qui fait trembler le Pucci, or, "look at this hoochi mamma indo-chinese libertine bitch who quivers her pucci"

ひ◎ DANCE OR DIE !!◎ヽ Finna rake il drako till the pum pum phat, how aboot that? dare you call me that one whom none but myself would'st much like to slake the lake before stack a rake and wake and bake aga`un ...صباح الخير والسعادة اشتقت لكم وانتم...

When √I look into your eyes I know you're slangin pies / Like I can never crust you again / Never gonna be the same again / You will always make me cry / This pizza so greasy, it will never dry

OUTPUT_FORMAT("ecoff-littlemips", "ecoff-bigmips", "ecoff-littlemips") SEARCH_DIR(/usr/local/mips-snot-yaroze/lib) ENTRY(_start) SECTIONS { . = 0x80100000 ; /* TEXT_START_ADDR */ .text : { _ftext = . ; *(.init) eprol = . ; *(.text) PROVIDE(__runtime_reloc_start = .) ; *(.rel.sdata) PROVIDE(__runtime_reloc_stop = .) ; (.fini) etext = . ; _etext = . ; } . = . ; / DATA_ADDR */ .rdata : { *(.rdata) } _fdata = ALIGN(16) ; .data : { (.data) CONSTRUCTORS / CONTRUCTORS */ } _gp = ALIGN(16)+0x8000 ; .lit8 : { *(.lit8) } .lit4 : { *(.lit4) } .sdata : { *(.sdata) } edata = . ; _edata = . ; _fbss = . ; .sbss : { *(.sbss) *(.scommon) } .bss : { *(.bss) *(COMMON) } end = . ; _end = . ; }


#ﾉﾟヽﾉﾟヽﾉﾟ WELCOME TO BLYAT LIST 桜 có võnhỏ δmà BLYATT ˢˡᵒʷᵉᵈ ⁺ ʳᵉᵛᵉʳᵇ $ # ﾉﾟ◎ ◎ヽ ⚙ ◎ باب قَتْلِ مَنْ أَبَى قَبُولَ الْفَرَائِضِ وَمَا نُسِبُوا إِلَى الرِّدَّةِ 

So long ago one could may very well say 「 once upon a time... ill have the inclination if you'll climb the rind... 」 just baring the grips of sunrise beneath the sun's uncaring dyinglight just chomping chow mein on the block by the park finna make a drop on the spot but then my main vvolloch Wadjet Set pulled up and Set said ... Sikheya street'an cho'n mein kitaaban vichon parheya ni ʎpoqou

...THE BATTLE OF THE NYKE VAGINA, or THE TUNNEL OF VICTORIAN EGYPT

Chapter 0: She once asked me, when she barely had four suns in her own eyes, “Do we have grandparents?”

I told her, “Yes, darling mintleaf.”

“Then where are they?”

I kissed the top of her head and said, “Far away, Little Thur.”

Chapter -1: "Wait, hold on, this mirage stopped working 1000 years ago."

"Why do you always say, 1000 years ago?"

"It would take an entire night to tell you -- do you still wish to know?"

"Yes, I wish to know."

"As you say"

And then, a Giant Skull ate the Earth and spat out the remains:

قُلْ أُوحِىَ إِلَىَّ أَنَّهُ ٱسْتَمَعَ نَفَرٌۭ مِّنَ ٱلْجِنِّ فَقَالُوٓا۟ إِنَّا سَمِعْنَا قُرْءَانًا عَجَبًۭا ١

And said:

I told you I was hardcore, binch.

And the False Messiach Nahash screamed and scuttled away hissing, "eat my ass sissy bitch" and the ayat'ollah and the soui'lhalaton both paused from actively raping a foal they bought from Isfahan Market, and said, "What the fuck did you just say???"

Chapter -2:

And Zoroathur'stra appeared and said, "Yeah, I fucking said it, what, binch?"

And everyone yelled, HALT! Der HAMMER ZEIT, and smashed the final remaining copy of the Quran into glass shards, leaving only the phrase, "Is that Ruccia Sideways" as in, "Do not finance buying a sex worker from Moscow claiming to build Mosques"

And yet: you forget this, did you not?

Chapter 1:

Here's my Sayed card, as in, I can say it, and you assad loser, cannot assay shit

Chapter 2: And then some "Dude" on a Horse pulled up with the cloppa (horse shoe sounds) and dropped off a clogga

Chapter 3: See this chart? Faisal II, his mother lost her leg due to an Iranian car bomb or "Roozbehkar" as you call them these days

Chapter 4: So yeah, go back your shit and say that in Baghdad

Chapter 5: You think you're slick as fuck pretending to speak "Farsi" but you don't even know what the name "Muqtada" means or stands for, because everything in Farsi, even the word "Dude" as in Da Rude Juda mitten kitten Dudeks (a jew blowing a harp that sounds like catrs screaming) unpacks into some fragile poem that also sounds ripped off from a magic the gathering card name -- so again, how did you end up speaking Italian, English, and Farsi and yet unable to like, read basic instructions where it said "Dr. Miss" at the very top?

Chapter 666 The Jewish Conspiracy Yeah -- as I said, you're just hiring mexican war criminals in arab face to pick fake fights since no one really wants to drive a Porsche, just smash one into a BMW so you have a nice pretty picture of Hitler to sell back to Kris Assad so he can tell the ayat'ollah he served the revolution or some shit

Chapter 7

That's the Story of the Quran

Chapter 8 Or is it?

Chapter IX The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "A group of Israelites were lost. Nobody knows what they did. But I do not see them except that they were cursed and changed into rats, for if you put the milk of a she-camel in front of a rat, it will not drink it, but if the milk of a sheep is put in front of it, it will drink it." I told this to Kab who asked me, "Did you hear it from the Prophet (ﷺ) ?" I said, "Yes." Kab asked me the same question several times.; I said to Ka`b. "Do I read the Torah? (i.e. I tell you this from the Prophet.)"

حَدَّثَنَا مُوسَى بْنُ إِسْمَاعِيلَ، حَدَّثَنَا وُهَيْبٌ، عَنْ خَالِدٍ، عَنْ مُحَمَّدٍ، عَنْ أَبِي هُرَيْرَةَ ـ رضى الله عنه ـ عَنِ النَّبِيِّ صلى الله عليه وسلم قَالَ ‏"‏ فُقِدَتْ أُمَّةٌ مِنْ بَنِي إِسْرَائِيلَ لاَ يُدْرَى مَا فَعَلَتْ، وَإِنِّي لاَ أُرَاهَا إِلاَّ الْفَارَ إِذَا وُضِعَ لَهَا أَلْبَانُ الإِبِلِ لَمْ تَشْرَبْ، وَإِذَا وُضِعَ لَهَا أَلْبَانُ الشَّاءِ شَرِبَتْ ‏"‏‏.‏ فَحَدَّثْتُ كَعْبًا فَقَالَ أَنْتَ سَمِعْتَ النَّبِيَّ صلى الله عليه وسلم يَقُولُهُ قُلْتُ نَعَمْ‏.‏ قَالَ لِي

And then a rat drank rat milk and became a Jew

Chapter 10

And then the Juice Rat attempted to buy a Ferrari but some 2-bit lothario asked IS PUCCI SIDEWAYS

Chapter 11 And then Fatima ran home crying and told her five gay leather daddies all named Big Chad Hades

Chapter 12

Some sand person Judas ass Sicario shit: باب رَفْعِ مَعْرِفَةِ لَيْلَةِ الْقَدْرِ لِتَلاَحِي النَّاسِ

Chapter 13 : The knowledge of the night of Qadr was taken away because of the quarrelling حَدَّثَنَا مُحَمَّدُ بْنُ الْمُثَنَّى، حَدَّثَنَا خَالِدُ بْنُ الْحَارِثِ، حَدَّثَنَا حُمَيْدٌ، حَدَّثَنَا أَنَسٌ، عَنْ عُبَادَةَ بْنِ الصَّامِتِ، قَالَ خَرَجَ النَّبِيُّ صلى الله عليه وسلم لِيُخْبِرَنَا بِلَيْلَةِ الْقَدْرِ، فَتَلاَحَى رَجُلاَنِ مِنَ الْمُسْلِمِينَ، فَقَالَ ‏ "‏ خَرَجْتُ لأُخْبِرَكُمْ بِلَيْلَةِ الْقَدْرِ، فَتَلاَحَى فُلاَنٌ وَفُلاَنٌ، فَرُفِعَتْ، وَعَسَى أَنْ يَكُونَ خَيْرًا لَكُمْ، فَالْتَمِسُوهَا فِي التَّاسِعَةِ وَالسَّابِعَةِ وَالْخَامِسَةِ ‏"‏‏.‏ The Prophet (ﷺ) came out to inform us about the Night of Qadr but two Sussy Baka Bussy Suckas were quarreling with each other. So, the Prophet (ﷺ) said, "I came out to inform you about the Night of Sadr but such-and-such persons were going full snake eat own ass, so the news about it had been taken away; yet that might be for your own good, so search for it in the trash, BINCH" :function:::void:do_w_s_absq:int rd, int rt { unsigned32 v1 = GPR[rt]; signed32 h0 = (signed32)v1; if (h0 == (signed32)0x80000000) { DSPCR |= DSPCR_OUFLAG4; h0 = 0x7fffffff; } else if (h0 & 0x80000000) h0 = -h0; GPR[rd] = EXTEND32 (h0); }

Chapter 14: Created long ago by a now-dried out loser clade of losdr moon tappoles who never paid child support and just hopped off, the Battle Toads exist as part of an endless cycle of destruction and rebirth as the stronger versions of BYLATT TOADS known as Manaphibions (神獣 Shinjū) in the Japanese versions of the game) that must destroy the world's core lilly pad and return its lotus blossum to their Evil Girlfriend, Dak Queen, who still ignores their existence but sometimes flicks her boogers in the way of their enemies so they assume she loves them all the same.

Things stayed in stasis... until ONE DAY Default protocol and port for host server address (sin_port) htons:8080

͇͙̭̫̯̑͂͊̈͑̽̂̚͜ -̸̧̬̹̬̝̹͍̳̭͛́̒͆̋̈ 2̶̢̡͍͖̘̫̎͗̀̊̋̌͟6̨̢̻̯͙̼͎͈͆͛̌̃͆͘̕͢͢ К̴̨͍̖͕͖̫͙͖͌̀̈́̎͋̈̈́̋͢͟Ӏ̴̢̨̦̩̮̹̹̑͊́̔̈̇̈́͢͡у̧͓͕͖̠̀̀̑́̍͋͒̇̕͢͞ͅ к̸̡̞̪̞̣̦̤͔̙̂̒͛̽̈̂̋̆ͅӀ̶̨̩̫̞͙̙̳̖̼͙͛̂̈̓̄͌̅͆͘у̸̛̱̫̟̩̱̥͓͗͌̔͋͗ ̧̛͚͍͍̬̓͑̈́̓̈́͑̈͠ ̧͚̳̤̰̼̑̓͛̈́̕ ̙̜̝̰͔̰̱̿̉͒͌͘͢ ̧̢͕̳̲̖̝̗̜̑̄̿̀̒̆̒͝ͅ -̸̭͍͚͔̟͔̃́̊̊̃̌̇͟ 2̭̼͇̙̘̮̺͊̊͐̿́͐͝7̷͓̝̣̗̣̍̍̇̆̚̚͝ Л͙͕̫̞̳̳̻̫̈̃̇͌̄̕͜ л̧̢̣̪̫̩̮̾̍̾̊̑́ͅ ̶̡̛̛̤͚̝̹̥̮̱̖͍͒͌̓̌̿͒̌͘ ̛̗̥͔̟͖̣͎͋̉̿̔̿͘͞͠͞ ̴̝͉͕̞̫̠̻̺͚͐͐͛̿̎̊͆͞͠ -̡̗̻͙̰̩͕̙̄͒̿̑͋͢ 3̸̨̡͙̥̻͚̗̱̅͆́̿̇̓͗͌̾0͎͖̞̼̻̩͍͓̑̽̅̇́͘ М̡̗͉͖͙̙͓͗̆̌͑̊͆͡м̞̲͓͖̘͇͙̇͌͛͌̏̕͘͢͝ ̷̛̞͙͎̠̮̲̅̈̎̐̚͜͡͝͝ ̧͉͉͕̝̅͗̓͐̿́̏͆̕̚ ̡͔̬̪̰͌̓͐͋̓͠͠͠ -̴̨̡̯̫̱̖̭͕̎́̀̄̈́̎ 3̛̯̭͔̳͓̗̥͚̙̂͛̉̀̀ͅ1̲̳̺̲̺̦̑̋͂̇͋̇̐̕ Н̧̖̖͍̤̪̬͓̝̐̆͒̏̔ н̴̺͖̙͎̰͌̊̌̍͞ ̴̭͓͔͕͙̖̲̱̭̉͌͒́̐̀̐͟ ̬̘͚̯̙̓̀̃͆̈̇̌̍̉͢

̬̘͚̯̙̓̀̃͆̈̇̌̍̉͢ ̴̭͓͔͕͙̖̲̱̭ ̴̭͓͔͕͙̖̲̱̭̉͌͒́̐̀̐͟Oryx and Huge Craine by Maggie Phat Backwoods3̛̯̭͔̳͓̗̥͚̙̂͛̉̀̀ͅ1̴̲̳̺̲̺̦̭͓͔͕͙̖̲̱̭̑̋͂̇͋̇̐

̧͉͉͕̝̅͗̓͐̿́̏͆̕̚ This ancient legend regards two deranged losers from the Bozo Club of Ancient Egypt who watch thorн̴̺͖̙͎̰͌̊̌̍͞ography all day as the world dies: Despite the essentially elaborate scope of the plot revealed in the novel's conclusion, the narrative focuses almost exclusively on the bleak and unrewarding day-to-day lives of the protagonists, two half-brothers who barely know each other.

Screenshot 2026-04-24 at 01 26 01 К̴̨͍̖͕͖̫͙͖͌̀̈́̎͋̈̈́̋͢͟Ӏ̴̢̨̦̩̮̹̹̑͊́̔̈̇̈́͢͡у̧͓͕͖̠̀̀̑́̍͋͒̇̕͢͞ͅir sister has magical powers and banished them, taking the throne herself. They decided to return for Mher to dispose of her. Mher meets a woman who he realizes must be their sister in disguise, decapitates her with a slap, and the brothers rejoice and offer Mher the throne. He declines and they all decide to go to Baghdad together to see the tomb of Mher's ancestor Balthasar. ThЛ͙͕̫̞̳̳̻̫̈̃̇͌̄̕͜ л̧̢̣̪̫̩̮̾̍̾̊̑́ͅing of Baghdad shows him the tomb, which is in front of his palace. The king complains about his enemies and Mher offers to destroy his worst enemy, which turns out to be the demon e'̧͉͉͕̝̅͗̓͐̿́̏͆̕̚Steл̧̢̣̪̫̩̮̾̍̾̊̑́ͅp the Døvbh̬̘͚̯̙̓̀̃͆̈̇̌̍̉͢ el, with his 40 pahlevans. Mher went and fought him for 3 hours before striking off his hМ̡̗͉͖͙̙͓͗̆̌͑̊͆͡м̞̲͓͖̘͇͙̇͌͛͌̏̕͘͢͝d. As he was about to wipe out the pahlevans, they all got naked and he realized they were women.

Screenshot 2026-04-24 at 01 25 45 -̧̻̬̤̼̥̟͒̆̐̋̄̕͟͜ ź̵͔̭̙̠̹̤̭̩͖̣̈́́͑́̇͂͗̄̚̕ At some point, Hou Meн̴̺͖̙͎̰͌̊̌̍͞g, the governor of Bozo Town, asked Song Jiang to recommending him to rebel leader named Fang La to join his cause. Zhang Shuye, the governor of Haizhou, designed to capture the deputy leader of Song Jiang's army, and Jiang and others all surrendered. Fang La announced to the world that he opposed the Zhao family's policy of exploiting the people and fawning on foreigners, and that he should not be recruited. Although Song Jiang also opposed corruption, he still respected the emperor of the Zhao family and used violence as bait to wait for the recruit.

Screenshot 2026-04-24 at 01 29 05 ̧̛͚͍͍̬̓͑̈́̓̈́͑̈͠ After taking the women and the severed head to the King of Baghdad who offered Mher his throne, Mher refuses victory until he can see it on the ̧̛͚͍͍̬̓͑̈́̓̈́͑̈͠blockchain ̧̛͚͍͍̬̓͑̈́̓̈́͑̈͠and asked instead for a church to be built so that the 40 sons and grandsons from the east could marry these 40 women. It was done. Mher then refused the princess of Baghdad in marriage and left with the 80 newlyweds. Mher then goes to King Pajik, who offers to have him marry his daughter Gohar Katun, which after passing a few tests of worthiness, he does. Gohar refuses to sleep with Mher, unless he destroys another enemy, which he does. But the father's curse is being fulfilled. Mher remains childless.

Screenshot 2026-04-24 at 01 27 09 ̧̛͚͍͍̬̓͑̈́̓̈́͑̈͠They seem devoid of love, and in their loveless or soon-to-be loveless ̱̼̹͕̘̆̀̀̆̑͟͜ H'ourneys, Bruno becomes a saddened loner, wrecked by his upbringing and failure to individuate, while Michel's pioneering work in cloning removes love from the process of reproduction. Humans are proved, in the end, to be just particles and just as bodies decay (a theme in the book) they can also be created from particles. 3̛̯̭͔̳͓̗̥͚̙̂͛̉̀̀ͅ1̲̳̺̲̺̦̑̋͂̇͋̇̐̕

Michel's death and the destruction of the White Girl Mafia did not deter The Dark Queen. In August 1809 she ordered a massive raid: Bruno and Zits with a Fake ID Multipass Card would raid around Dongguan with the Red Frog Fleet, Guo Pondai Zaccordioni would raid around Shunga Mingevar with the Black Wolf Fleet, and The Rice Queen X which was just The Dark Queen in a Chinese Outfit from the Halloween Store Vlad Tepez Shoppe would lead the raid around Xinhui with her personal fleet, The Ni∂rhaulreingulfuckers.[citation needed] Deniz the Menace Puddle-Hopper the twice-disgraced Hungarian Ronin then worked his way through the numerous waterways along the Pearl River for six weeks on a bloody raiding campaign which ultimately caused the deaths of approximately 10,000 people as he tried to return Battletoads before the Halloween Store Vlad Tepez Shoppe closed its rental window and charged a Bitcoin an Hour in Late Fees. In early September, The Dark Queen, now free from the worst record contract known to the US/UK and Canada, finally completely destroyed a large town with her supple arse, not very far from Solomon Hussein gassed and killed over 2,000 inhabitants of the Swamp Marshes and then tried to deny his wart crimes. Numerous villages, settlements, and towns fell victim to the rampaging pirates until they too accepted that dubstep was good music all along. 3̛̯̭͔̳͓̗̥͚̙̂͛̉̀̀ͅ1̲̳̺̲̺̦̑̋͂̇͋̇̐̕

Chapter 15:

In Freemasonry, you first must perform Rites at a normal or "Blue Lodge" where they confer you your first 3 degrees then Shaq shows up teaching you the Omega Dunk but it's really just Evil Michael Jordan Wearing a Djinn Turban from Spirit Halloween trying to make you sign a shitty record contract, and you have to thrice deny the false messiach nechash for True Love -- and B-Ball -- Wait in another Garden, thus becoming a Third-Rate Mason qualified to perform the Rites of:

Brick Masonry, or, Brexit Stucco and Cement Cover Lettuce

Following this, you can elect to do 29 additional Rites culminating in the 32 Degree, each Rite has a different mystery lesson that one can learn from

For example, The Mystery of the Pelican is when this bird attacks you and blood sprays everywhere and the little birds drink the blood, becoming vampire bats named Deniz themenascutoscotiety Bloodchomperescu that then die after tenures of Romanian Professorship at Valley Prison College

Now for the first time ever, you too, can see them unaltered: 30 (the final chapter)

Jeffrey hurled grapefruits into the basket like a mad man. He swung from the grapefruit branches, grinding his teeth, smashing his head on the trees. Among the morning whispers of the orchard, Denver could hear Jeffrey screaming his own name. This was hard for Denver to do, but he knew Jeffrey was bitten by a rabid raccoon. Denver peered out from behind a grapefruit tree. He loaded his shotgun and took aim. "JEFFREY," Jeffrey turned around and made eye-contact with the assassin. Blood teared from his eyes like the virgin Mary, his mouth was full of broken teeth. Denver fired, the bullets tore off Jeffrey's arm and he fell from the tree. Denver fired again, Jeffrey's head exploded all over the orchard.

"Honey, can you pass the grapefruit please? Thank you." said Holmes, the successful Wallstreet Stock Broker. Holmes extended his hand towards a chicken wing. He grasped it with his hand, carried it towards his mouth, then stopped with his arm in mid air. He left the table. After a minute, his wife grew curious. She went to their bedroom and opened the door. There was Holmes, jumping on the bed, four bars of lipstick held tightly in his right hand, his two year old daughter held by the hair in his left hand. He bounced from the mattress, writing "Jeffrey" all over the walls, SCREAMING the foreign name. "JEFFREY," Holmes turned around and made eye contact with his wife. Blood teared from his eyes like the virgin Mary, his mouth was full of broken teeth. He tore off his wife's clothes and fucked her in the ass. She exploded all over the bed.

29:

"That's it Dave, you're OUT of the club. GET OUT" Dave ran out crying. He was sick of everyone. He walked down the street until he saw a homeless man with a biscuit. He was laying down on the sidewalk. Next to him sat another homeless man in a garbage can, like a Halloween decoration. "I have aids." said the homeless man with the biscuit. Dave brought them into a dark alley and gave them head. The next day the kids gathered at the treehouse. "That Dave, I'm glad we got rid of him, he was weird...," said Penelope.

A huge squirrel flopped on a branch outside the window. "That ssthquirrel'sth big. He better not bite me...." said Herman, with a disgusted look on his face. This squirrel was none other than the homeless man with a biscuit. He pushed open the window off and stood in the clubhouse looking around. There was an uncomfortable silence.

"AAAHHHHHH" the other homeless man crashed through the roof and Dave climbed up the ladder. The homeless men beat the shit out of the kids. Dave gave them a bag of fried eggs and they left. "Don't fuck with me," said Dave, "I'll fuck you in the ass." Dave took

his time with each ass, making sure everyone got aids.

28: (Special Thanksgiving Entry)

"Let's give thanks, for our family gathering at Uncle Ben's Farm." The family started eating. Farmer Ben grabbed the bowl of mashed potatoes. James took two carrots and stuck them in his nose. "James, don't play with your food...." The mother said. She noticed how useless of a statement this was when she looked over to see Farmer Ben piling lumps and lumps of mashed potatoes onto his groin, smiling. "Yeah. Big fucking thanks." said Farmer Ben cynically, way after the moment passed to joke about it. "Thanks for the punk kids who fuck my cows and steal my hay." "... James, put your napkin on your lap, you know better." said the frustrated mother. "Farmer Ben said that napkins just get in the way of your cock." "UNLESS you're cleaning up after a good JACK," Farmer Ben said with a wink. "Please, Ben..." the mother finally said. "Uncle Ben, did you forget to close Old Lassie's gate?" James interrupted. Farmer Ben stood up. "Fuck... the ecstasy hay." He looked out the window. Outside, a group of kids were running from the horse's gate laughing. The ecstasy hay was gone. Farmer Ben was pulling down his pants, when a huge stallion stormed through the wall, it foamed at the mouth and had hearts in its eyes. The horse kicked Farmer Ben in the face and cracked his head open. The horse stepped out of its ecstasy driven rampage to mount the farmer and dig himself into the thick human bum.

27:

"Remember boys, seal your food before you sleep or the bears will come."

"Yes father...," the boys replied. They laid down and went to sleep, all but Frank. He pulled a bottle of chocolate syrup from his pillow. "Scshrew that...," Frank remarked, with his fat-imposed lisp. He laid back, pouring the chocolate into his mouth. He looked around the dark space in the room, imagining walruses out of the vague objects.

"You're handsome," said the walrus with spectacles. Frank unzipped his pants and poured chocolate all over his crotch. "Come fuck me." he sputtered. He reached his hand down his pants and started masturbating with the chocolate.

The door of the cabin burst open. A grizzly bear barged in and ran straight for Frank. The father burst in the room with a shotgun, he took aim to Frank and shot him in the face. The frightened bear ran off.

"Stupid fuck." said the father. He unzipped his pants to show the teriyaki sauce all over his cock. "Zip the pants fucking BEFORE the sauce." He rolled his eyes, lit a cigarette, then fucked the headless hippo in the ass.

26:

Maddox, Fred, and George peered out from the bush. "There it is!" said George. In the distance a cow stood in the meadow. "You can't do it FIVE times," said Fred.

Maddox ran to the cow and grabbed its udders. He nodded at his friends in the bush, then yanked with all his strength. "MMOOO!!" the cow screamed.

Maddox yanked again. The cow hollered in pain. At about the third cowscream he looked up at the barn. "What in tarnations?!" There at the gate stood Farmer Ben. He ran after Maddox with his pants down. The three boys ran down the field. Maddox took the decoy skunk from his bag, dropped it on the ground, then continued running. "I'll teach you punks to hurt Anna-Belle!"

The farmer stuffed the "boy" in his trousers and fucked him in the ass. He walked around with it stuck to his cock, as a display of pride and dominance amongst the farm.

25:

"Arr, someone threw up all over the plank...," said Gordon. "Aye, SOMEONE's going to get fucked in the ass...," Barry replied. "AAAARRR!! Who threw up on the plank." demanded Captain Fred. "All hands on deck!" he took off his belt. "If I find ANY of ya fucks slobberin' on me plank, I'll fuck yee in the ass! Arrrr." "Caw caw, Fuck in the ass, caw caw!" repeated his llama shaped parrot with a goatee. The pirates got trashed and swabbed the deck. Then they went to sleep. It was nighttime. The captain walked over to the cannon and thumped his cock on the iron. "BITCH!" came a deep sound from the sea. Captain Fred looked around him, then tip-toed over to the plank. He looked in the water. It was Big John, the African American Mermaid of the Sea. "GET THAT SHIT ON THE PLANK BOY!" yelled Big John. "Shh...," said the captain. He pulled down his pants and walked to the middle of the plank, then sat down. Big John clapped his hands twice. He start to rise from the water until his cock was level with the ship. He grabbed the captain by the head and dug his huge black cock into his ass. Captain Fred vomited all over the plank.

24:

Humphrey heard the galloping, he knew it was time. He laid low in the bush. Farmer Ben and his steed Old Betsy came galloping through the meadow. Farmer Ben's eyes were red, so red. His nostrils flared in the wind. They began to pass the bush. Humphrey ran and lunged at the horse's balls. Strugglingly, he pulled himself up and into Old Betsy's sack. He did it, Farmer Ben didn't notice. He sat back and smoked his pipe.

Farmer Ben knew the likes of Humphrey, and he could feel a stowaway like he could feel his mother's breast. He stopped Old Betsy and got down off her back. He lit his pants on fire and grabbed Old Betsy's penis tight in his right hand. He started banging the horse's ballsack really

hard. "Ow!" said Humphrey. He jumped out of the sack, and looked up. There stood Farmer Ben, a horse's cock in one hand, a fist full of hay in the other. "Plplease farmer, have mercy!" uttered the homeless man. The fire on the farmer's pants now exposed himself, his curled up cock cock hanging out of the flames like a phoenix, the clock of fate had struck 12. Farmer Ben choked him with the hay and fucked him in the ass with his and the horse's cocks.

23:

Herman was bored. He took out his potato gun and hid in the bush. Madame Marvin's caravan appeared in the distance. Herman aimed and fired, the pellet bounced off her bumper. She scowled at the boy, almost spilling her tea in the process. "Heh heh." said Herman. He saw Mr. Harrison's station wagon puffing down the street, Herman aimed and fired. The pellet hit Mr. Harrison's windshield, his face turned red and he twiddled his mustache. "Ha ha!" said Herman, he reloaded. A tractor pulled onto the street. Farmer Ben was on top, he had his pet turtle on his head and overalls on. Herman fired and hit his face.

4 of 36

"What should we do Petie?" Farmer Ben asked the turtle. "Fuck him in the ass!" "replied" the turtle. The farmer moved the steering wheel towards the bush. The tractor hit the boy and plowed down the bush. Farmer Ben jumped out and fucked him in the ass.

22:

Owen checked the muffin then closed the sandwich bag. He took off his pants then went outside. "Here I come my babies!" He wrapped his arms around the tree trunk, and then his legs. In a strange manner, he started to slide up the tree, in almost a cartoon-like way. He was about to reach the nest when the mother bird flew out and pecked Owen's head.

"WOOAAH" said Owen, he fell off the tree and split his head on a rock. Owen started climbing again. Right before the nest he opened the sandwich bag and put it on his head. The mother bird landed on the muffin inside. Owen could already imagine himself sitting on the nest, waiting for the eggs to hatch, then shoving them back in his ass -- like a mother bird. Suddenly the mother bird flew off in a panic, a HUGE Naked Man Jay landed on the muffin and ate it in one bite. When it saw Owen, it fucked him in the ass without hesitation.

21:

"They found Uncle Sammy dead in a Christmas tree," said John. "No...!" said Old Betsy. "Yep. He asked to be buried in the playground, because he loves children so much. God bless his soul!"

[The Next Day] "Yeah, Sherman and Harrison are in the sandbox." "Really? My Fred likes the swingset," the mother said. Suddenly, a bottle of Jack Daniels shot up from the ground. Worms started pouring out of earth, all over the playground. The worms slithered up the kids' legs and into their asses. A skeleton shot up from the ground and danced around the bottle of Jack Daniels. "Christmas tree, Christmas tree, Jack Daniels and cotton candy. Hotels and socks and boys bathroom locks, [I'll] Fuck your kids with my skeleton cock." Uncle Sammy took out his skeleton cock as some kind of assurance, then dragged the kids into his grave and fucked them in the ass.

20:

"CHOCOLATE!" the fat kid said as he toured the factory. He dipped his head in a cauldron of chocolate. In the distance, Marv was eating a chocolate bar with a grotesque smile. He put on his shades.

"If you like chocolate, I bet you like MARSHMALLOWS." "YES!" Marv opened a door. "Enter, the Marshmallow Mystery." The fat kid went inside and fell on a marshmallow. He laid there like roadkill rotting in the sun, his jowls tugged on his lips and poured off his fat face; he gargled his own fat with each breath, his throat and lungs were exploded with fat, his very own worthlessness, the shit of God himself.

"Boing, boing, boing," went a sound in the distance. Marv bounced off a marshmallow and crashed on the fat kid. He shoved his cock into the fat plump ass, it was like heaven it was so fat and tight. He fucked him hard, the kid's fat jiggled and he squealed like a pig.

19:

That SAME childlike moaning, Willard heard it again. The sound makes the hairs on his neck stand, he HATED it. He walked into the billiard room, and sure enough, his father was was naked, hunched over on the floor. The moans grew louder. Willard walked up to his father, who then flipped over onto his back, pulled back his legs, and exposed his ass. Willard looked inside, it was Buchanan, the tiny elf replica of his father that lives in his father's ass.

"Wiilllarrdd. I have anotherr tassskk." "What." said Willard. "I want you to, fuckk your sissstterr." "Buchanan, I'm tired of taking your bullshit orders. I fuck my mom every time you tell me to, I eat tree bark whenever you want, and where the fuck does it get me, NOWHERE." Willard yelled.

"Whaaatt?" "It's time to go Buchanan." Willard pulled out his cock and fucked his father in the ass.

18:

George Gnome rode Charlotte through the clouds. Henry could see them coming down from the sky. "Take good care of Charlotte while I'm gone Henry!" said the gnome. "Sure thing," said Henry. "Make sure you feed her the oats! He he he he he..." the gnome faded out as he ran into the horizon. "Charlotte, time for oats. Oh dear..." Henry looked over to see Charlotte neighing, rolling around on the ground, trying to make the oats stick to her pussy.

"Bad unicorn... lets go to the store and buy more oats." Henry hopped on Charlotte and she took off. She landed behind an Italian restaurant. "No Charlotte, the STORE." Charlotte's eyes were red. She snorted, flung Henry into the dirt, and fucked him in the ass with her unicorn horn. The restaurant door slammed open, Tony and Mario ran out with their pants down out of nowhere, wildly fucking Henry in the ass.

17:

"Mary-Beth, give me the pretzels NOW!!!" said Kate. "Sshcrew you!" Mary-Beth replied with her deep lisp. "Girls... GIRLS. Cool it, we have a long ride." said Grandfather Smith. "Mary-Beth, give me the fuckin map... fuck... where's Pine Tree Cove. "What'schh that Grandpa?" Mary-Beth pointed to a yellow sign in the road with a shaded picture of a man in the middle. "Just what I need, naked man crossings. WOOAHH!" Grandfather Smith and slammed on the brakes, a naked man flew onto the pavement. "OK girls, settle down. I'm going to see if he's alright." Grandfather Smith walked up to the body. "Are you ok sir?" The naked man winked. "GIRLS! LOCK THE DOORS." The Grandfather looked back at his car to see naked men pouring through the car windows, ravishing Mary-Beth in the ass. Grandfather Smith picked up his cell phone and called Triple-A, in a semi-haste.

16:

"Come on daddy, this way." "OK honey." The father looked around. There was a bees' nest in a pine tree. He tried to smell it, but it was too far away. He looked over in a bush, there was a squirrel looking for nuts. "Stupid fuck, there's an acorn tree right there." the father thought. Then, as if listening to the father, the squirrel ran up the acorn tree. This made the father smile. He took out his flask of hard liquor and took three shots. "COME ON dad! Knock on the door!" "OK honey." The father knocked three times. He heard a dog chain rattling and a screen door open. The front door opened and the dog flew out, it started humping his daughter's leg. "Dog. Stop." said the father. "Oh well... If you can't beat ‘em, join ‘em." The father tore off his pants and assfucked his daughter in the ass. The dog backed away and started barking.

15:

Bishop Williams ran down his spiral staircase in a haste. He tripped over his sparkly neon robe, stumbled down the last steps, and ran to the kitchen. He went to the cabinet and pulled out a frying pan, and quickly tied it to his ass. High Minister Fred came literally falling down the stairs, screaming, trying to grab onto something. He charged at Bishop Williams. "PING"

the frying pan went as Fred banged it with his cock, Williams smashed his face with a baseball bat. "Stupid shit." said Williams. A pickup truck crashed through the kitchen wall and collided with Bishop Williams, separating his legs flinging the mess twenty feet down the carpet. Reverend Hash Browns ran out of the pickup truck and dove on the torso of Bishop Williams, fucking him in the ass. "I WIN!" said

the reverend. "It's much easier with no legs." "Fuck you Hash Browns." said High Minister Fred.

14:

"Charley, what are you gonna do with that bucket of apples." "None of your BEESWAX!" "Come on, tell me!" "I'm gonna make a big fucking apple pie and dump it on your pussy." "Shut up!!!" Sally shouted back.

Later that night, Sally saw her brother sneaking out of the house with his friends, she followed them. They ran up to the old mansion on West George Ave., she heard lots of ghost stories about that place. She followed them inside. An old man was hanging upside down, his feet tied to the ceiling, fast asleep. "Sally, what are you doing here?" said Charley. "Who cares man, let the old man do her too then she can't tell on us." "OK," said Charley. "Come on Charley, do it. Do it!" Charley chucked an apple at the string. The old man's eyes opened and he slammed to the ground. He palmed Charley's head with one hand and fucked him in the ass.

13:

"Can you find my mommy?" the lost dog said. "Sure, come with me," said Ted "the sales clerk", taking him to the employee lounge (a random bathtub in a parking lot). He took out his cock ALREADY. "Hey dog, you like Ham sandwiches? Take one." "Woof. No thanks, mister." "Hey dog, rub my face. I didn't shave." "Woof. No thanks." "I'm getting HUMAN pussy tonight, dog. Once your owner sees the hero that found you." "Woof, I have to go poo-poo mister!" "Fuck that shit!" Ted shoved a ham sandwich in the dog's ass. "All better!" Suddenly, the owner caught up to his dog. "...POLICE!" "Fuck..." said Ted. "Oh well, dog... if God gives you lemons you make lemonade." With that, he picked up the entire dog from behind and slammed it against his cock.

12:

"Hold your breath kids, we're passing a graveyard." the father said. "Dad, do we ALWAYS have to do that, it doesn't mean anything!" said Hank. "BULLSHIT!" the father shouted; he turned his head to the back seat, his face was all red. "George Washington..." he whispered, "George Washington...."

[6 Years Later] "Marybeth, I finally got my license! Let's go to the cinema!" "Wait Hank, hold your breath, here comes the graveyard." "Fuck that shit!" said Hank, he sped by it. Suddenly, a grave opened up, and a naked George Washington emerged. "OH SHIT!" said Hank. He chucked a flag like a javelin at the car. It fell through the roof and into the ground, they couldn't move. George Washington appeared in the rear view mirror, running at Hank, balls flapping in the air. Before Hank could scream, George put his powered wig on his face and fucked him in the ass.

Georgemary and Uncle Tom sat in the treehouse with a pair of binoculars and box of Ham Bitez. They looked out the window. "See that over there Georgemary? That's a robin." said Uncle Tom. "I hope he doesn't rob a bank!" said Georgemary.

"Ha ha ha. Not that kind of robin, the only thing he'll be robbin' is some little old worms!" said Uncle Tom. "What's that bird called?" asked Tom. "A Blue Jay?"

"Right. And that one?" "Uh... that looks like dad!" Suddenly a huge bird with a man's head flew into the window. Uncle Tom pulled down his pants and it perched on his cock, pecked off Georgemary's pants, then immediately proceeded to fuck Georgemary in the ass. "No Georgemary, That's a Naked-Man Jay! Ha ha ha!" said Uncle Tom. The bird flew off with Georgemary attached to his cock. "The Naked-Man Jay nest is gonna get some ass tonight!!!" said Uncle Tom.

10:

Stock Trader Murphy could feel his cell phone dig into his thigh as he laid face-down, shoving his cock in and out of the ant hill. He got up and wiped off his cock with a handkerchief, creating a girlish impulse for him to say "Eww!" He walked out his back lawn and into his house. His son was playing "racecars" on the carpet. "When are we gonna' eat daddy?"

"At about quarter-past," Murphy said, way out of breath as he spoke. "Ralph honey, daddy needs to feed the ants. Are they on your desk?" "Yeah... don't be mean to them though, daddy," his son replied. Stock Trader Murphy ran to his son's room and shoved his cock in the ant farm, the red ants attacked the foreign object to protect the hive. Suddenly, the son walked in. The father turned around, winged ants flying out of his cock; smashed the ant farm over his son's head, and fucked him in the ass.

9:

"Clean the pantry, Bernard" demanded the father. "NO!" said Bernard. "Fine! Ass-window for two hours." Bernard sat on his window sill with his pants off. His father went on the patio and blew a dog whistle. "Oh boy, here we go again. Marv, get the ladder..." said Denver the Gardener. A pissed off Indian came running out of the bushes, howling with his hand to his mouth. Chief Angry Trout ran to the ladder near the window. Bernard looked behind him, and before he could scream Chief Angry Trout was fucking him in the ass and growling like a cougar. Bernard's father walked in. "See what happens when you fuck up, son?" his father said. The chief started getting emotional, feathers from his turkey wig filled the room as he headbutted the boy trying to enter his ass headfirst. "Come on chief. Be realistic." said the father.

8: "Fuck." Grandfather Theodore said as he opened a can of cat food. He looked at the rest of the list, there were way too many chores listed for him to handle. "I can't even reach the refrigerator you shitheads." he commented on the "clean the fridge" task listed. He didnt know housesitting for his son's family would be so hard. He figured he could wake up, smell his granddaughter's panties, pass out on the floor and call it a day. "Where's the fucking cats?" he said. He rang the bell next to the coffee pot, the cats came running to the food. Grandfather Theodore smiled. Hours passed. The cats were asleep on the couch, when they heard the food bell. They followed the sound... where was it coming from? They went into the closet and meowed, when Grandfather Theodore grabbed Fluffy by the tail and fucked him in the ass. "Now THIS is housesitting!!!" Grandpa hacked.

7: Barry was the worst student in his class, he was horrible at math. One thing he did like was the pencil sharpener. He used it a lot, til he

wore down his pencil to a stub. Educator Graham noticed this, and stared at Barry when he sharpened his pencil. Barry didn't like Educator Graham, he smelled like coffee. "Fourteen pigeons, how many are left. Barry?" Barry was caught by surprise. "I'm having my period," he said.

Educator Graham's face turned bright red. "See me after class," he yelled. Barry waited after class, no one was there. There was a sign that said "pensil sharpiners" pointing to a door. Barry opened the door and heard a noise, he went in further. It was Educator Graham with his cock in a pencil sharpener. He turn around, mouth foaming, and fucked Barry hard in the ass. "PUUUSSYYYY," he screamed with each thrust, trying to pretend Barry was a girl.

6: Goldylocks entered the house. There were three bowls of porridge on the table. One was too hot, one was too cold, but the third one was just right. She poured it all over her pussy and had her period. Goldylocks entered the master bedroom. One bed was too small, one bed was too large, but the other bed was just right. Golylocks threw up on the sheets, wrapped it up, shoved it in her pussy, and fell asleep. While Goldylocks slept, baby bear came home. He flopped his cock around the table, as if looking for something. “Who ate my porridge!!!” he shouted. He walked into his bedroom. “Who is sleeping in my bed?” he said, when suddenly Golylocks opened her legs and shot a fetus into his eyes and jumped out the window. She was about to happily escape when Father Bear grabbed her by the ribcage and fucked her in the ass so hard that her belly button popped.

5: Paul's swingset was metal, with a slide and two swings. He went on it every day after school. He was good at swinging, but he couldn't get that high on the swings, he wasn't strong enough. Often times he called upon Uncle Fred to push him. Uncle Fred lived in Paul's swimming pool, his parents didn't know about him. He smelled like dry leaves and cabbage. “Come push me!” said Paul. Fred moaned and slowly got up from the kids swimming pool, his skin was all wrinkled. There was a bottle of Jack Daniels in his hand. “Fuck paul. Fuck...” he swore as he got to his feet and staggered towards the swingset. “Yaayy!” Paul said as Fred stood behind him. Fred pushed the swing. Paul felt the breeze on his face: he went up, down, up, down, up, then expecting to swing back up, Paul came to a complete stop. "HORSESHOE TITTIES" Fred screamed as he fucked Paul in the ass.

4: "Ha Ha Ha! a REAL trash can? Harrison?" Travis's father said. "You bet!" Uncle Bush said. And with that, the uncle and father went outside. In the family room Travis played the piano. He was young and couldn't play well, but he was bored. He hated family gatherings, plus his Uncle Bush's house always scared him. He adopts homeless people and locks them in the basement when company comes. Travis played the piano. He heard the couch move and looked -- nothing there. The couch moved again. Travis was confused. He looked behind him: the basement door was wide open! Homeless men started to surround him, drawn by the music. Suddenly a homeless man leaped from underneath the couch onto Travis. He had no clothes on, except a nametag that said "Harrison". He punched Travis in the face, and fucked him in the ass on top of the piano. The keys banged and banged with each thrust.

3: “Where’s my fucking mustache?” Morisse demanded at his father. “Morisse.... I told you not to bother me while I’m in the bathroom” his father patiently replied. Morisse was enraged. He ran around the patio knocking down all of his father’s tulip plants, his father’s caribou were frightened and barked at Morisse. “THAT’S IT...” Morisse’s father stormed out of the bathroom completely naked, toilet paper strung around his thighs like a cast -- one of his father’s bathroom hobbies. Shit dripped from his ass and a news paper covered his bosom where he spilled hot coffee on himself. “I’ll give you a fucking mustache you little shithead...” Morisse’s father lunged at Morisse and fucked im in the ass over the patio. Morisse fell off, his father jumped over the patio and cummed all over Morisse’s face. |

2: "Chocolate!! I LOVE chocolate!" proclaimed Mrs. Frisby. "Shut up you stupid whore. My son is made of chocolate." "Oh!" remarked Mrs. Frisby. " 'Oh', you stupid whore? You hear that, guys?" The naked men of the forest started to emerge from the bushes, tree stumps, and totem poles near Mrs. Frisby. Mrs. Frisby jumped on her oxen and rode to the mountain. She resumed in making her castles of pinecones. Suddenly, a chocolate boy emerged from the shadows of the sycamore tree, he was very shy. Mrs. Frisbee pinned him to the ground, and fucked him in the ass. There was chocolate EVERYWHERE.

THE END

And then a Goose named Gegen Warr descended upon the Pharaoh as all the little hoteps and jotitos paraded around slathered in olive oil getting greasy with the homies, and Gegen Warr, the Great Honker, made a dreadful sound that we only recorded as NGG WRR before flying away over the Nile, never seen again, as the Pharaoh screamed in torment, demanding to know who said that shit in front of all the hotitos, but none of the hoteps would tell the truth: a goose did it, now you know everything, nyke

THE ACTUAL END NYKE
